hey everyone it's neil patel and today's
the last lesson of growth hacking
unlocked and i'm going to be covering
advanced growth tactics if you didn't
see or listen to any of the previous
lessons more so watch them you can end
up getting access to them at
neilpatel.com training and just click on
growth hacking unlocked it's never too
late to start whether you're trying to
start a business or do marketing or grow
faster it really is never too late and
in this lesson as i mentioned in the
previous lessons where i covered
psychology technology today is all about
marketing and i wanted to go over a few
case studies with you and give you some
worksheets that way that you can
implement everything that you've learned
the first case study i want to talk
about is procter gamble
if you aren't familiar with procter and
gamble you're familiar with a lot of
their brands such as tide they own over
22 brands with over a billion plus
dollars in annual sales and another 19
brands that generate about 500 million
or more in annual sales
how long has ty been a top brand well 75
plus years just think about that 75 plus
years what they ended up learning is you
need to stay focused
on your marketing priorities you don't
want to get distracted by every new
shiny object whatever's working for you
focus more and more on that and double
down
they use the same framework the same
formulas to build all their brands in
essence what works for one can work for
others and if it does just keep
replicating especially if they're in
similar industries
you probably have marketing that has
worked for you in the past that you've
abandoned i want you to go back and
redeploy those tactics and if you do
that you should see more growth
another case today i want to talk about
is nike
nike they have that famous slogan just
do it and they just do it campaign to
allow nike to increase its share of
north america domestic sports shoe
business from 18 to 43
from 877 million to 9.2 billion in
worldwide sales
that's how much they grew from 1998 to
more so 1988 to 1998.
30 years plus
stronger than ever and when you look at
nike's revenue numbers and they
continually keep growing it's just a lot
of money and they have a lot of famous
athletes even like michael jordan who
doesn't play basketball anymore who's
continually pushing the brand is one of
the biggest shoe brands out there
another case they want to break down is
facebook facebook with their growth team
they help them reach a billion users
that's massive for a social site and
they focus on acquisition activation
engagement and virality and they realize
that if you get any individual and seven
friends in 10 days they're gonna keep
using facebook and that was their single
focus at facebook hundreds of team
members focused on this one core mission
and that was get any individual to seven
friends in 10 days and growth was the
only thing that they spoke about at
facebook for three years every meeting
all the time and the rest is history
facebook is a massive company they're
they own whatsapp they own instagram
mark zuckerberg is one of the richest
people in the world you can get started
even if you have little to no budget you
don't have to be like facebook nike or
procter gamble just implement one step
at a time by working with this course
the workbooks the assets that i have
given to you over time and if you
implement them such as shooting a video
like i talked about in the previous
lesson or you know doing some guest
posting or blogging or podcasting just
the possibilities are endless you don't
have to have a ton of money to succeed
if you don't have a budget you can hire
a team of writers to scale up your
content production that are freelancers
or you can write yourself or you can end
up getting interns to help you or you
can even work with the ad agency like
mine neil patel digital or also known as
np digital for short and will help you
analyze and measure the results you also
want to do this on your own from clicks
to visitors to engagement to lead
quality to conversions to direct sales
to upsells you need to have your key
performance indicators also known as
kpis
one thing that you'll find which can
lead to massive growth is your brand and
it matters more than ever brand queries
affect rankings everyone talks about how
you need links to boost rankings but
very few people talk about brand queries
and the more people that search for your
brand such as nike or bmw or procter
gamble the higher rankings tend to be
over time
i also as i mentioned i have a lot of
worksheets for you you can find them all
at neilpatel.com training and they'll go
over a lot of advanced strategies on how
you can grow faster one of them is on
content marketing and you can download
this again at neilpatel.com training
click on growth hacking
unlocked and go to week two
lesson three another one i have for you
is on tools and scripts you can download
this at neilpatel.com training
and then go to growth hacking unlock
again and same with case studies market
data fields reports you can find it at
the same place in essence in summary if
you really want to do well in this
course
make sure you listen to the lessons
again anytime you get stuck and just
make sure you follow the lessons the
worksheets the handouts you don't have
to spend more than an hour a week just
going through some of this stuff can
really get your team going
i want to congratulate you i'm really
proud of you for finishing this course
you have learned a very valuable skill
set if you enjoyed this video like it
share it tell the people about it leave
a comment below if you need help with
growth hacking you can also check out my
ad agency np digital thank you very much